docs/index.md, before:

# Sense HAT

Python module to control the [Raspberry Pi Sense HAT](https://www.raspberrypi.org/products/sense-hat/)

## Features

The Sense HAT features an 8x8 RGB LED matrix, a mini joystick and the following sensors:

- Gyroscope
- Accelerometer
- Magnetometer
- Temperature
- Humidity
- Barometric pressure

## Install

Install the Sense HAT software by opening a Terminal window and entering the following commands (while connected to the Internet):

```bash
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install sense-hat
sudo pip-3.2 install pillow
```

## Usage

Hello world example:

```python
from sense_hat import SenseHat

sense = SenseHat()

sense.show_message("Hello world!")
```

See the [API reference](api.md) for full documentation of the library's functions. See [examples](https://github.com/RPi-Distro/python-sense-hat/blob/master/examples/README.md).

## Development

This library is maintained by the Raspberry Pi Foundation on GitHub at [github.com/RPi-Distro/python-sense-hat](https://github.com/RPi-Distro/python-sense-hat)

See the [changelog](changelog.md).

Commit message:

Added install step for Wheezy

docs/index.md, after:

# Sense HAT

Python module to control the [Raspberry Pi Sense HAT](https://www.raspberrypi.org/products/sense-hat/)

## Features

The Sense HAT features an 8x8 RGB LED matrix, a mini joystick and the following sensors:

- Gyroscope
- Accelerometer
- Magnetometer
- Temperature
- Humidity
- Barometric pressure

## Install

Install the Sense HAT software by opening a Terminal window and entering the following commands (while connected to the Internet):

```bash
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install sense-hat
sudo pip-3.2 install pillow
```

**Note** If you are installing the Sense HAT software on Wheezy, you will need to enter the following command before installing pillow. 

```bash
sudo apt-get install libjpeg-dev
```

## Usage

Hello world example:

```python
from sense_hat import SenseHat

sense = SenseHat()

sense.show_message("Hello world!")
```

See the [API reference](api.md) for full documentation of the library's functions. See [examples](https://github.com/RPi-Distro/python-sense-hat/blob/master/examples/README.md).

## Development

This library is maintained by the Raspberry Pi Foundation on GitHub at [github.com/RPi-Distro/python-sense-hat](https://github.com/RPi-Distro/python-sense-hat)

See the [changelog](changelog.md).
